Quick updates to landing page (#745)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/registry/intro.md

Track and publish your artifacts to W&B Registry with three major steps:

1. Initialize a W&B run object with [`wandb.init()`](../../ref/python/init.md)

> 2. Log an artifact version ith the run object's [`log_artifact`](../../ref/python/run.md#log_artifact) method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log an artifact version to the run using [`log_artifact`](../../ref/python/run.md#log_artifact) method
```

> 3. Link the artifact to a collection with the run object's [`link_artifact`](../../ref/python/run.md#link_artifact) method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Link the artifact to the registry with the [`link_artifact`](../../ref/python/run.md#link_artifact) method. 
```

```python
import wandb

# Start a new W&B run to track your experiment
run = wandb.init(project="<project_name>") 

# log an artifact version 
logged_artifact = run.log_artifact(
    artifact_or_path="<artifact>", 
    name="<artifact_name>", 
    type="<type>"
    )

> # Provide the entity of your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
i think this is redundant - it's clear that that's what is meant to be passed in the next line, we don't have to overexplain

org_entity = "<organization_entity>"

> # The name of the registry you want to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
you can't create a registry programmatically this way - a new custom registry can only be created in the UI. So this would instead be the name of the registry you want to link to. The link_artifact will fail if you try to link to a registry that doesn't exist. I think this comment can be inline and doesn't require a separate line

> registry_name = "<registry_name>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registry_name = "model"
```
At the quickstart, users won't be familiar with custom registries, I would prefer to guide them to linking directly to the model registry since this is the most common registry use case and is there by default. In later sections, for example in the section on linking to a registry, we can make this more generic. But the goal of this quickstart is to make it as easy as possible to get your first version in W&B registry

Author: Right. The code examples here serve two functions: 
1. The template/generic code that users can copy and paste and fill on their own to successfully link an artifact (i.e. they don't need to figure it out themselves).  [Code snippet 1]
2. The example code they can copy and paste to get an actual result (the expandable "Example" code). This is where we can uses model registry.

> # The name of the collection you want to create

Reviewer: I would probably also frame this as the the collection you want to link to, if none exists, a new one will be created. We need to avoid adding too much redundant info in the quick-starts, especially info that is already repeated in the python SDK docs (reference docs) for a specific function.

Author: True. But the SDK is also not that clear....that's why it's more specific here

e.g. if we look at link_artifact: https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/run#link_artifact

the definition of target_path does not specify what users need to provide for the registry

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

> The proceeding code sample logs and link a pseudo model artifact called `my_model.txt` to a registry called "Models". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proceeding code sample logs and link a simulated model file called `my_model.txt` to the model registry. 
```

1. First, initialize a run. The run, and the artifacts logged to it, appear in a project called "registry_quickstart". 
2. For demonstrative purposes, simulate logging model metrics that occur during a training run.
3. For demonstrative purposes, create a mock model file.

> 4. Next, log the simulated model file to the run as an artifact called "gemma-finetuned-3twsov9e". Note that, because we want to link the artifact to the Models registry(next step), that we specify `"model"` as the artifact's type (`type="model"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Next, log the simulated model file to the run as an artifact called "gemma-finetuned-3twsov9e". Note that because we are linking the artifact to the model registry (next step), we specify `"model"` as the artifact's type (`type="model"`).
```

# Simulate logging model metrics
run.log({"acc": random.random()})

# Create a pseudo model file
with open("my_model.txt", "w") as f:
   f.write("Model: " + str(random.random()))

# log an artifact version 
logged_artifact = run.log_artifact(
    artifact_or_path="./my_model.txt", 
    name="gemma-finetuned-3twsov9e", 
    type="model"
    )

# Provide the name of your organization
org_entity = "<organization_entity>"

# The name of the registry
registry = "model"

# The name of the collection
collection = "quickstart-collection"

# link the model to the predefined core Models registry 
run.link_artifact(
    artifact=logged_artifact, 
    target_path=f"{org_entity}/wandb-registry-{registry}/registry-{collection}"
    )

run.finish()
```

Once the code completes, your notebook or terminal will provide links to the W&B App UI where you can view your project or run.

</details>

> ## Enable W&B Registry

Author: @noaleetz Do we still need this? Or can we remove it with the latest Server release?

    type="model"
    )

> # Provide the name of your organization

Reviewer: We're defining and commenting redundant information here. I really want to air on the side of the quickstart being short and sweet due to feedback that users always feel like it is a lot of work and activation energy to start linking. It's really important that a user knows that in a few lines of code, a user can log an artifact and link it, and they don't need to learn too much or make so many decisions to get their 1st model successfully linked

Author: I added this here because I hit an error when I tried to create my first collection and registry on my own; I specified the wrong entities (personal vs team vs org)

It was like an "Ah ha" moment when I figured out that we need to provide the org entity, not a Team entity. Hence, why it is mentioned here.

Author: I think part of the issue is that the path we need to specify is so long. This means that:
1 and it requires a lot for the user to specify...some of which are new to them . E.g. collections. 
2. I need to separate the variables because the path is so long that people need to side scroll to see the whol path. Lukas rage quits w/ side scrolling...

Author: By side scroll, I mean that the path gets cut off so that you can't see exactly what you need to specify:
<img width="666" alt="Screen Shot 2024-07-15 at 4 38 35 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c702dea7-de2c-4523-889d-b217f0352056">

Author: Another reason to call out using team and org entities: https://weightsandbiases.slack.com/archives/C01DNEX5TJ4/p1721843127931409?thread_ts=1721821903.835019&cid=C01DNEX5TJ4

org_entity = "<organization_entity>"

# The name of the registry
registry = "model"

# The name of the collection
collection = "quickstart-collection"

# link the model to the predefined core Models registry 
run.link_artifact(
    artifact=logged_artifact, 

>     target_path=f"<INSERT-ORG-NAME>/wandb-registry-model/registry-quickstart-collection"

Reviewer: can we keep this format of created the path? I really don't think we need a whole 2 lines just to define variables that are going to passed in here.

Author: We can, but it makes Lukas rage quit when he can't see the text w/out side scrolling.
